Changes since 0.2:

Accept the MySQL syntax:
    INSERT INTO table SET col = value, col2 = value2, ...
Although this syntax is supported by no/few databases other than
MySQL, and it is merely a convenience, Mayfly does provide it,
simply because the standard syntax
    INSERT INTO table(col, col2) VALUES(value, value2)
can be really hard to read if there are more than a few columns.

New method in Database to set table names to case sensitive.

Accept the MySQL index syntax:
    CREATE TABLE(a INTEGER, INDEX(a))
as a noop.

Mayfly now supports many subselects, for example:
    select name from foo where x = (select max(y) from bar)
    select name from foo where x in (select y from bar)

The new SqlDumper class can dump a database as an SQL script.

Now can insert hex literals into BLOB columns, for example:
INSERT INTO foo(a) VALUES(x'aa65fe')

Some CASE statements now work.

Added LIKE, <=, and >= conditions.

Column aliases (SELECT foo as bar FROM) now work for the simple
cases.

Most methods in Database now throw runtime exceptions instead
of checked exceptions.  If you are of the checked exception
persuasion, or you have some piece of code which expects 
an SQLException, just call MayflyException#asSqlException. 
JDBC methods, of course, continue to throw SQLException

Many forms of ALTER TABLE now work.

Some limited query optimization.  It is now possible to,
for example, implicitly join 3 tables of 1000 rows each, 
in some cases.  The query optimizer is still dead simple -
it proceeds from left to right and can decompose a WHERE
clause made up of AND.  For example, 
"SELECT * from foo, bar, baz where foo.x = bar.x"
will get optimized to
inner join foo and bar on foo.x = bar.x
inner join that with baz
whereas
"SELECT * from foo, bar, baz where bar.x = baz.x"
will perform all the joins, and only
then apply the WHERE (requiring temporary storage
of the number of rows in foo times the number of rows
in bar times the number of rows in baz).

Changes from 0.1 to 0.2:

Adds schemas (and SET SCHEMA), GROUP BY, auto-increment columns, 
and primary and foreign keys.

